Add an optional mail forwarder used to accept mail sent to an AWS hosted domain and forward it to an external recipient or recipients. (#128)
schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-landing-zone: UPGRADING.md

> # Upgrading to 0.15.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrading to 0.15.x

```

# Upgrading to 0.15.x

> Version `0.15.x` adds support for providing secure mailboxes/IT service catalog aliases for all root accounts using Amazon SES/Lambda. Adding the `ses_root_accounts_mail_alias` variable creates the necessary resources to accept mail sent to a verified email address and forward it to an external recipient or recipients. Due to the usage of `configuration_aliases` in the provider configurations of some of the submodules, this module now requires to use terraform version 1.0.0 or higher. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version `0.15` adds support for forwarding root email addresses using Amazon SES. Adding the `ses_root_accounts_mail_alias` variable creates the necessary resources to accept mail sent to a verified email address and forward it to an external recipient or recipients. Due to the usage of `configuration_aliases` in the provider configurations of some submodules, this module now requires to use Terraform version 1.0.0 or higher. 
```
